refactor(curriculum): replacing for loop with for...of loop for calorie counter project (#53454)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-form-validation-by-building-a-calorie-counter/63c8ad0cd8f1e5201c4ef2e4.md

# --description--

The `list` parameter is going to be the result of a query selector, which will return a `NodeList`. A `NodeList` is an array-like which contains the elements that match the query selector.

> You'll need to loop through these elements, and you can use a <dfn>for...of</dfn> loop to do this. The `for...of` loop, is used to iterate over elements in an iterable object like an array. The variable declared in the loop represents the current element being iterated over.

Author: NOTE:

Even though step 21 uses a regular `for` loop, I think we should still keep that as a review for campers for what they learned in the RPG game.

Then here we can introduce the `for...of` loop to show them another way to loop through an array

# --description--

> The `list` parameter is going to be the result of a query selector, which will return a `NodeList`. A `NodeList` is an array-like which contains the elements that match the query selector. You will need to loop through these elements in the list. 

Reviewer: We can make the words a little bit easier i suggest
```suggestion
The `list` parameter is going to be the result of a query selector, which will return a `NodeList`. A `NodeList` is a list of elements similar to an array where, it contains the elements that match the query selector. You will need to loop through these elements in the list. 
```

> The `list` parameter is going to be the result of a query selector, which will return a `NodeList`. A `NodeList` is a list of elements similar to an array where, it contains the elements that match the query selector. You will need to loop through these elements in the list. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `list` parameter is going to be the result of a query selector, which will return a `NodeList`. A `NodeList` is a list of elements like an array. It contains the elements that match the query selector. You will need to loop through these elements in the list.
```

> In previous steps, you learned how to loop through an array using a `for` loop. However, you can also loop through a `NodeList` using a <dfn>for...of</dfn> loop.

Reviewer: I think we should use backticks to highlist the words ? or maybe use both dfn and backticks ?
```suggestion
In previous steps, you learned how to loop through an array using a `for` loop. However, you can also loop through a `NodeList` using a `for...of` loop.
```

Author: For the first introduction of a concept we use the `<dfn></dfn>` then other mentions use the back ticks

Reviewer: @jdwilkin4  i see ! my bad, i must've misread the guidelines

> In previous steps, you learned how to loop through an array using a `for` loop. However, you can also loop through a `NodeList` using a <dfn>for...of</dfn> loop.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In previous steps, you learned how to loop through an array using a `for` loop. You can also use a <dfn>for...of</dfn> loop to loop through an array and a `NodeList`.
```

> A `for...of` loop, is used to iterate over elements in an iterable object like an array. The variable declared in the loop represents the current element being iterated over. 

Reviewer: leaving the comma totally upto you @jdwilkin4 
```suggestion
A `for...of` loop is used to iterate over elements in an iterable object like an array. The variable declared in the loop represents the current element being iterated over. 
```
